Part 1: Explanatory test case + Test case + Bug report
Objective:
Create and document test cases and a bug report for the user profile creation page.

testing cases

Check mandatory fields :

1.	 Test that the "First Name" field is mandatory and accepts only alphabetical characters.
2.	 Test that the "Last Name" field is mandatory and accepts alphabetical characters only.
3.	 Test that the "Email" field is mandatory and accepts only valid e-mail addresses.
4.	 Test that the "Password" field is mandatory and accepts alphanumeric characters and symbols.
5.	 Test that the "Confirm Password" field is mandatory and must match the "Password" field.

Checking optional fields :

1.	 Test that the "Gender" field can accept one of the specified options (male, female, prefer not to say).
2.	 Check that the "Date of Birth" field accepts a valid date in YYYY-MM-DD format.
3.	 Test that the "Phone Number" field accepts only numeric characters with a maximum length of 10 digits.
4.	 Test that the "Address" field accepts alphanumeric characters, spaces and symbols.
5.	Test that the "LinkedIn URL" field accepts a valid URL.
6.	 Test that the "GitHub URL" field accepts a valid URL.





Bug report

Bug 1: the password is not secure - it must be at least 8 characters long.

Steps to reproduce: Enter 1-character "Password".
Expected result: Error message indicating that the password is weak must contain at least eight characters, including a lowercase letter, an uppercase letter, a symbol and a number.
Actual result: The form is submitted without displaying an error message.

Bug 2 : Mismatched Error Message for Empty Password Validation.
Steps to reproduce: Do not enter a “password”. 
Expected result: Error message indicating that the password must be filled in.
Actual result: Error message indicates that the confirmation password must be filled in.

Bug 3: The data entered in the "Confirm Password" field is not hidden.

Steps to reproduce: In "Confirm Password" enter the same password entered in the "Password" field.
Expected result: The characters entered in the password field are masked.
Actual result: The characters entered in the password field are not hidden.

Bug 4: The "LinkedIn URL" field is not optional.

Steps to reproduce: Do not enter a URL link in the "LinkedIn URL" field.
Expected result: The form is submitted without displaying an error message.
Actual result: Error message indicating that LinkedIn must be filled in.

